Hello everyone and welcome to our first meeting of the Wildlife Club.
First, let me tell you why we want to start this club.
We want to help animals in danger.
We decided to start a club in order to get more ideas.
We'd like more students to come to our meetings.
Why don't we send an email to everyone to tell them about the club
and about what we hope to do here?
Good idea. And maybe we should decide which kind of animals to help.
Let's ask the zoo for information.
We need to tell people about animals in danger.
Lots of us buy presents when we go on holidays
and some of the presents are made from animals,
but many people don't know that.
Yes, it's very bad.
People use snake skins to make bags.
We need to send that email right now.